Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, instead of using the red and black, we are going to redesign our have to use the black and whites.
Okay.
So now to do this, what they're going to do first is they're just going to remove the top ten.
So now they're going to go to the OC control and B to make this smaller, then I will go to size.
They are going to go to Main.
That's fine.
Okay.
Now is it other than the stain.
Yeah.
The same data that we can just get rid of this.
Okay.
On that then use control on this to save then go check it out.
Great.
Okay.
Now, what we can do is change the button color to black.
Like you can try to be.
So now you're going to go to the past.
Okay.
You can see where we defined it here.
They sort of given that color, we could have just give that button quality colors of colors that black.
What is good to define it over yesterday, in case you want to change it, you can easily just change
it.
And everywhere it sort of changes in one part or the other parts.
Okay, so now what you can do is instead of colors start red, we can use the colors that's black as
well.
So by doing this anywhere we are using the button color is will it gets updated there?
It can now go check it out.
Okay.
I'm just going to have to restart this.
What's the reason?
Okay, great.
Okay.
Now, what you can do is you're gonna change that test.
So what you can just do is you can save as well.
You can call this test button.
The color is going to be colors.
That's white.
Okay, great.
So now I'm going to save this file first.
They're going to go to the login screen first or probably the sign out.
Sign off first.
Okay.
So now what you can do is over the.
The we says log in, so we register.
So I was able to give a whole lot to it.
So this is going to be a test.
But then.
Okay.
Oh.
Can I just add color to it?
Okay.
And go back to the cost.
Two sports in.
Hello.
Okay.
Untrue or just social studies?
Not so much by the studios on civil rights.
Okay.
I think we did it in the.
Okay, great.
Now as well, we're going to do for the log in, right?
So we're just going to go to the log in there.
We're going to look at the log in boxes as well.
Okay.
Yes, it was.
I was going to give you a font.
So a color.
It is going to be test lots in Colorado.
Okay.
Great contents to save.
Like I said, the reason why we defined this law in a separate file.
Now we can basically change that without going to.
If we are done.
Call us.
That's why it's in order for us.
For example, we need to change this in all the files.
Okay.
What now?
Since we have a defined in one side, that is a cause.
But that's like we can just change.
The code is going to get affected in all your files where we are using the service.
Says Watson.
Hello.
Okay.
So now, for example, if we don't want to use the black and whites, we can just use the black.
So really white and yellow, white and red by just going to the cost.
That's that's why I changed this to the test button to from the yellow.
Okay.
So that is one of the reasons we have to define those colours will vary.
So we can easy to get us so you can easily refer to it at the time.
Okay, so I'm just going to start again.
Okay.
Good.
Now we have to look at the screen.
We also have to set up a screen.
But before that, please note you must not exactly what I'm doing.
Right?
You can also have your own colors.
You can also have the budget to do this.
It doesn't really mean you must do exactly what I'm doing.
You can have your own design as the process is going from there.
You can have a color of white, yellow or white and red or white and blue or white or being.
So necessarily you don't have to follow the that pattern I'm trying to follow.
Okay.
So you can also have your own kind of sky.
So probably we can see black.
So now we can go to our side of the screen.
Then over there, instead of colors that blue.
Because yes, is the button.
So it is background color.
That's the color that is going to give the black white.
Okay, Grace.
I think looks so somehow.
So I just got to it back to do.
So, like I said, you don't really need to follow the exact parts on I'm trying to follow.
You can have your own design contact.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in this lecture.